Mr. Wu, what are you talking about?
Weren't you captured together with my father?
Grandpa is dead!
I'm here to persuade you this time, right?
Impossible, how could I die?
It’s dad, he’s pretty good too,
As expected, this blood-breeding animal is now in my hands.
Lost ground, what nonsense are you talking about?
My grandfather and Mr. Wu are brothers.
Grandpa has long been infected with the teacher,
When I was young, my heart was ripe and wrong,
Let the tricks handed over to her by the master go wild and fly away.
Finally, I was moved down the mountain and moved here,
Be strong, be strong, Mr. Wu,
What can you say quickly?
This is a try
Chen Xuan is not so easy to say
Hand over the bloody column
I can spare you from saying goodbye to the old man
I really didn’t kill your grandson.
My old man might
It's just that I was blinded by my waist.
That's why you said that about my grandfather
You all should wake up and stop writing.
I won't believe you Chen Xuan
I'll tell you today
A great name
Do you remember your grandfather’s grandson?
You are not from here either
I already knew this
I am my grandfather's sword from Houshan
No more floating pills
Then do you know that before your grandfather
I complained about a child
But in my teens
Explanation of reasonable words
After Zina, your grandfather got married in Yuyu.
Until he suddenly left eighteen years ago
I've been gone for several months
We always thought he was dead
I also told you this
I couldn’t get along with my husband at that time either.
And brothers
Let's go imprison him together
Go make money
Then did you know that when he comes back?
tell us
You are his handsome boy outside
Analysis of negative-born children
Who doesn't know his handsome son?
long dead
There are no dead bodies
Where can I get the negative analysis from?
Stranger things
The name he gave you
So what if it's a name
That's because
The handsome man he used to be